Update README.md (#106)
mprov-ng/mprov_control_center: README.md

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mprov-ng/mprov_control_center?style=plastic)

The mProv Control Center (mPCC) is the heart of everything that mProv manages. It is the brains that runs everything through a web interface, thusly allowing for ease of use. mProv runs a REST/CRUD API for interfacing to the database and allowing remote access. 

The mPCC performs a wide range of jobs, permissions, and maintenance:
- Authentication
- Networking
- Issuing jobs to the mprov_jobservers
- An endpoint for serving files to nodes that require PXE booting 
- Running scripts to nodes post boot

The mPCC is based off of Django 3.2. You will need to run a Python web app server to then run the Django code. The installation proceedure found below will walk you through most of the necessary steps, including installing Apache with `python38-mod_wsgi`. This version of mPCC requires Python-3.8 or higher, however we are still testing with versions 3.9 and higher.

## Requirements
- The mPCC requires python 3.8 and above.  
- At this time, mPCC also requires to be run in a RHEL derivative (i.e. Rocky Linux 8)

> - A system running with at least the minimum hardware requirements (this can be found under #X)

Reviewer: This should probably read: "A system running Rocky Linux 8 with at least the 'Minimal Install' package group installed."

> - A system running with at least the minimum hardware requirements (this can be found under #X)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A system running Rocky Linux 8 with at least the 'Minimal Install' package group installed.
```
